update python versions in installation guide (#836)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/installation_guide/intro_installation.rst

Node requirement summary
========================

> You can find details about control and managed node requirements, including Python versions, for each Ansible version in the :ref:`support_life` and :ref:`target_node_python_support` sections.

Reviewer: Consider ansible_core_support_matrix` instead as it points directly to the table maintained by core folks.  This link ignores the control node and might be confusing.

> You can find details about control and managed node requirements, including Python versions, for each Ansible version in the :ref:`support_life` and :ref:`target_node_python_support` sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find details about control and managed node requirements, including Python versions, for each Ansible version in the :ref:`support_life` and :ref:`ansible_core_support_matrix` sections.
```
